.* Help for the Display Record Format command.

:pnlgrp.

:help name=dsprcdfmt.Display Record Format (DSPRCDFMT)
:p.DSPRCDFMT displays the record format (list of field names and attributes) of a
logical or physical file.
:p.Display Record Format shows the following information about a file&colon. file
name and library, file text, record format name, record length and number of
fields.
:p.The following file field information is shown&colon. field name, field type,
field size, key number if a key field, beginning and ending positions of the
field, and field text.
:ehelp.

:help name='dsprcdfmt/file'.File (FILE) parameter
:xh3.File (FILE) parameter
:p.Specifies the name and library of the file to be used by the Display Record
Format command.
:p.This is a required parameter.
:p.The possible values are&colon.
:p.:parml.:pt.file-name
:pd.Specify the name of the file to be processed.
:eparml.
:p.The possible library values are&colon.
:p.:parml.:pt.:pk def.*libl:epk.
:pd.All libraries in the job's library list are searched.
:pt.library-name
:pd.Specify the name of the library to be searched.
:eparml.
:ehelp.

:help name='dsprcdfmt/rcdfmt'.Record format (RCDFMT) parameter
:xh3.Record format (RCDFMT) parameter
:p.Specify the name of the record format to be used.
:p.The possible values are&colon.
:p.:parml.:pt.:pk def.*FIRST:epk.
:pd.The first record format found will be processed.
:pt.format-name
:pd.Specify the name of a record format to be processed.
:eparml.
:ehelp.

:help name='dsprcdfmt/output'.Output (OUTPUT) parameter
:xh3.Output (OUTPUT) parameter
:p.Specifies whether the output from the command is displayed at the requesting
work station or printed with the job's spooled output.
:p.The possible parameters are&colon.
:p.:parml.:pt.:pk def.*:epk.
:pd.The output is displayed (if requested by an interactive job) or printed with
the job's spooled output (if requested by a batch job).
:pt.*PRINT
:pd.The output is printed with the job's spooled output.
:eparml.
:ehelp.

:epnlgrp.
